New read me to explain the difference between core SDK and enterprise SDK (#8)
Woosmap/geofencing-core-android-sdk: readme.md

# Woosmap Geofencing Android SDK

### SDKs to help developers collecting users’ locations in the right way.

The Woosmap Geofencing Android SDK is based on a core SDK that allows tracking of user location and stops, as well as interacting with various Woosmap APIs like the Woosmap Store Search API or the Woosmap Distance API. The source code for this core SDK is publicly hosted on this GitHub repository and is fully open source, so you are free to fork it as needed.

> However, to take advantage of all the advanced features that Woosmap offers, such as Woosmap Assets proximity monitoring, isochrone geofences, preset tracking profiles, and connectors, you will need to use the Woosmap Geofencing Android SDK that is distributed through platforms such as Cocoapods, Carthage, and SPM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, to take advantage of all the advanced features that Woosmap offers, such as Woosmap Assets proximity monitoring, isochrone geofences, preset tracking profiles, and connectors, you will need to use the Woosmap Geofencing Android SDK that is distributed through Sonatype Nexus repository.
```
